= ruby_bittorrent

Ruby bittorrent download cli.

= requirements
Installed aria2 package in system (with bittorrent support).

= example usage (full possible options included)
require 'ruby_bittorrent'

manget_link = 'magnet:?xt=urn:btih:whatever'

BITTORRENT_OPTIONS = {
  :upload_rate_limit => '100K',
  :seed_ratio => 2.5,
  :seed_time => 2880, # minutes
  :connect_timeout => 120,
  :timeout => 120,
  :stop_timeout => 0,
  :destination_directory => "#{ENV['HOME']}/Downloads"
}

= tor support

Use this options to get your traffic gone through tor proxy at 127.0.0.1:9050:

BITTORRENT_OPTIONS = {
  :use_tor_proxy => true
}

Use this options to get your traffic gone through custom tor proxy:

BITTORRENT_OPTIONS = {
  :use_tor_proxy => '8.8.8.8:9050'
}

BitTorrent.download!(manget_link, BITTORRENT_OPTIONS)

== Contributing to ruby_bittorrent
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Marcin Nowicki. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

